---
layout: post
title: June Stationery Edit
date: 2024-06-01
---
A lot of Kat's vloggers do monthly edits to focus or showcase some products.
She suggested I do the same with my stationery. I have a lot of (too many)
pens, so a monthly selection of a few might help me 1.) go through and finish
some off and 2.) better identify which are my real favorites in an attempt to
tame the herd.

### The Vessel

<div class="inline-img-container">
  <img
    src="/assets/images/june-stationery-edit/1.jpg"
    alt="Sinclair on the window ledge"
    class="inline-img"
  />

  <img
    src="/assets/images/june-stationery-edit/2.jpg"
    alt="A look inside the fuzzy Sinclair"
    class="inline-img"
  />
</div>

I just picked up a [Rickshaw Sinclair][sinclair]. It's nice, a good size to
hold a couple of pens, but not too many. Gotta keep it curated. I can also
throw a Field Notes in here for safekeeping (if I don't want it in my back
pocket).

### Uni Signo UM-151 - Black

0.38mm, black ink. I've had this pen *forever*, and it's almost at it's end.
The goal was to finish this off and be done with it, but I bought a 0.5mm blue
refill, so it will live on.

### Pentel Sign Pen - Blue

I use this a lot for headers in notebooks and for marking days I work out on my
calendar. Useful. Also had this one for a while, I thought it was almost out a
bit ago and bought a replacement, but this one keeps kickin ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯.

### Lamy Safari - 1.1

Filled with Montblanc 90th Anniversary Permanent Grey. I didn't like this ink
at first - it felt too light, but either it's gotten darker over time or my
tastes have changed. I really like it now. Looks better out of a wider nib like
this 1.1 stub.

### Muji Pen - Blue-Black

I don't know how I feel about this pen. It's nice, it writes smoothly and the
color is nice, but I think it's too lightweight for me. Not quite on the same
level as Uni pens for me.

So yeah, that's it. Not sure if this will be a monthly cadence or what, we'll
see as we go.

{% include fig.html src="/assets/images/june-stationery-edit/3.jpg"
alt="The loadout next to a trusty Field Notes" %}

{% include fig.html src="/assets/images/june-stationery-edit/4.jpg"
alt="Writing samples of the pens" %}


[sinclair]: https://www.rickshawbags.com/sinclair-model-r
