---
layout: post
title: announcing quite indexed
date: 2025-04-28
---
I made another thing! [Quite-Indexed][] is a simple web app that helps Kat and
I find episodes of [QI][] to rewatch. We've been through all the available
episodes twice now, and sometimes we want go back and watch an episode
specifically with, say, Bill Bailey and David Mitchell.

That's what [Quite-Indexed][] is for, to help us lookup which episodes feature
specific guests. You can filter up to 3 guests (Alan is always a given).
There's not much more to it than that :).

## Technical Details

[Quite-Indexed][] is a basic [Vite][] app. Perfect use case for a SPA - highly
interactive, no need for different pages or any CRUD activities.

Since this data is so small and static, there's no database. The data is
scraped from Wikipedia's [Episode List][episode_list] in a single go, and the
resulting data is saved to a json file that's injected into the app.

There's actually 2 json files - the **index** of all the episodes, and an
**inverted index** that I'm rather chuffed with. The **inverted index** is a
hash of key/value with the guest names keying arrays of the episodes in which
they appear. This makes finding the common episodes between guests as easy as
finding the intersection between their arrays!

[Quite-Indexed][] is deployed as a static site on [Render][render], which was a
pleasant experience. I really just wanted something simple to either push to a
git remote or upload a folder with the built site. I don't need or want to
connect my github account to a provider like netlify wanted me to - let's just
keep this shit simple. Ideally I'd use [kamal][] to deploy this to my own
server, but I ran into some issues getting the deploy healthy[^kamal-aside].
Maybe later I'll dig deeper into it.

## The Squidgy Bit

Now, on to the elephant in the room...the vast majority of this project was
generated by LLMs/AI. 

I am very much not sold on the efficacy of AI (nor it's ethical concerns). But
I need to experiment with these things to work out my feelings about them and
to see what they do/understand how they work. 

Back over the summer I had GPT (I think) generate the Wikipedia scraper, in
typescript. It set up the scaffolding for the scraper ok, but the selectors
were wrong and it had a couple other issues that I no longer remember. So ok on
getting things set up, but did not actually do the thing without human
intervention. 

I wrote the inverted index builder, because that sounded fun (and let me tell
you, it was).

The app itself was generated using Claude[^claude]. I already had the skeleton
Vite plumbing in place, so I prompted Claude to tell me what to write in which
files[^copy-pasta]. I wrote a [big ol' prompt][big-prompt] and took it in
pretty much verbatim[^yolo]. And it worked, one shot. Kinda scary. Granted,
this is a very simple app, but I expected some back and forth bullshit. So for
the app, no human intervention required. 

I have many more thoughts to write about AI, but I need more time to digest and
distill them.


[quite-indexed]: https://quite-indexed.com/
[qi]: https://www.qi.com/
[vite]: https://vite.dev/
[episode_list]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_QI_episodes
[render]: https://render.com/
[kamal]: https://kamal-deploy.org/
[big-prompt]: https://github.com/ayunker/quite-indexed/commit/14abac577dd19450b5bc4e8fdbc343242266a4ac

[^kamal-aside]: I think something with generating the SSL cert from Let's
    Encrypt. Something about allowing or not allowing SSL connections? idk. 

[^claude]: 3.5 I think

[^copy-pasta]: And by that I mean what to copy and where to paste it.

[^yolo]: YOLO mode? ugh 🤮
