---
layout: post
title: rcntly 05
categories: rcntly
date: 2026-06-01
---
I enjoy reading monthly updates from [people][arne] [I][macwright]
[follow][duarte] (via RSS), they're always so interesting. So I figured I'd try
writing my own. It'll be good to 1) get me into a regular writing cadence (I
want to write more, here and elsewhere, this year), and 2) maybe someone will
find mine interesting (jk I don't think people read this blog). Anyways, let's
give this a try!

## general

May's gone by fast; not as fast as April went, but still pretty fast. The
warmer weather has been a bit more consistent, but still some cold days here
and there. Finally been able to get out and ride along the lakefront a bit. The
first ride was cold and windy, second ride was warm and windy. We're trending
in the right direction, just would be nice now if the wind can die down a bit.

## using

I did fully finish that Zebra Sarasa from last month. Fighting really hard not
to pick up another to replace it, I'm trying hard to whittle down my pen
arsenal a bit more. I did pick up a Pentel Energel Needle-point in red, and
that's been a revelation. I remember Energels from years (decades?...) ago and
not enjoying them, but now they are fantastic. Like, _instant_ drying, even
with a 0.7 width. Great for this lefty. Only downside is it isn't waterproof,
but there's got to be some trade-off, right?

Stationery kick is still going strong. It's helping me get lots of journaling
in, because that's a great excuse to write with a fountain pen. Trying to take
more notes on paper at work too - there's just something so much more reliable
and low friction to writing by hand rather than keeping a digital work log up
to date. Helps me think through some problems better too.

One of my Field Notes had an incident with a body of water. It's all warped and
crinkly, but it dried out and I can still write in it, so we're good to go. The
incident occurred after only like 4 pages, so I didn't lose much writing (some
of the ink wasn't water-proof), but I've got the majority of the notebook to
finish whilst a little wonky. Unimaginably, this was the first time I got a
Field Notes seriously wet.

I've been toying around with [Kakoune][] a bit. It seems neat, I like the idea
of flipping the verb-noun order of (n)vim to selection first then action of
kakoune. It's also much more barebones in terms of plugins, which I think might
be a plus?

## reading

*The Crying of Lot 49* was a wild ride, and I don't think I was fully prepared
for it. It was very good and I think I need to give it another read through
sometime, but need to give it a bit of time before I contemplate Tristero
again.

*How to Cheat Your Own Death* was a nice change of pace after *Lot 49*. Cosy,
English, murder. I think it slots in at second best in the series so far, *How
to Solve Your Own Murder* is at the top and I think it will remain there. As
the first in the series it had a certain magic / novelty about it, and its hard
to beat in the follow ups.

https://30u30.fyi/ always good to keep the fraudsters honest.

## watching

(feels like there's a lot here this month, maybe some of this actually happened
last month too?)

*Young Sherlock* was good, but it feels like whenever they adapt Sherlock
Holmes for TV/film, they need to make him an action hero? But that's not really
what he was - an English gentleman, who was clever and addicted to opium. But
this was based on a different book series by a different author, so this might
be in line with that?

*How to Get to Heaven from Belfast* was ok. I got what it was going for but I
think it missed a bit. But I also think maybe black comedies aren't really my
thing, so maybe it was better than I give it credit for, just not for me.

*The Count of Monte Cristo* was excellent. I haven't read the novel (yet!), so
I can't vouch for how true to the original it was. Surely they left some stuff
out - you can't condense 1,200 pages into 8 hour long episodes. But it was
great, riveting, one of my favorite shows this year (though it came out
earlier). And it has edges - since it's based on a book, this is it; no sequel,
no extending and running it into the ground. 1 series, and that's it. And what
a glorious series it was.

*Brokenwood Mysteries* finished series 12. Maybe not the best season, but still
entertaining. Got us worried for a second that maybe this could be the final
series, but I think we'll get another one.

## listening

Kind of a down month on music I think. Just not listening as much - silence has
been nice. 

MONO (from Japan) has been on repeat a bit though. Watched a couple of live
sets and was transported back to when I saw them last year (opening for
Alcest).

[arne]: https://arne.me/weekly
[macwright]: https://macwright.com/2025/12/01/recently
[duarte]: https://duarteocarmo.com/blog/retrospectiva-1

[kakoune]: https://kakoune.org/
