---
layout: post
title: rcntly 06
categories: rcntly
date: 2026-06-30
---
I enjoy reading monthly updates from [people][arne] [I][macwright]
[follow][duarte] (via RSS), they're always so interesting. So I figured I'd try
writing my own. It'll be good to 1) get me into a regular writing cadence (I
want to write more, here and elsewhere, this year), and 2) maybe someone will
find mine interesting (jk I don't think people read this blog). Anyways, let's
give this a try!

## general

It's been a month of biking for me. I picked up a new commuter bike - a [Surly
Preamble][preamble] - from [Comrade Cycles][comrade] at the beginning of the
month. It's been a total delight. I loved my fixed gear bike, but having gears
and a bit more relaxed geometry and wider tires are much needed improvements.
I've been ripping around on it as much as I can, and I'm even able to rip up
some dirt/gravel paths where I can find them. It's pretty solid with it's stock
components, but I'm planning on new handlebars with some backsweep for a more
comfortable, upright ride.

I've also gotten out on my road bike just about every week on the Lakefront
trail. The ride down to 63rd Street Beach hasn't gotten old, and it's very
doable in the morning before work.

## using

The end of this month marks about a year since I switched from an Apple Watch
to an analog watch. I won't write too much about it here, since I'm thinking of
writing a whole post on it, but I'm super glad I made the switch and won't be
going back. A simple tool, that does what it does extremely well.

I haven't gone any further with [Kakoune][] than what I mentioned in last
month's [rcntly][rcntly05]. I'm still interested in it, but I think it's gonna
require some dedicated learning time, and I just don't have that right now. I'm
considering a pared-down, minimal neovim config that could be a nice
intermediate between the two, at least for now.

Speaking of neovim, the package is stalled at 11.6 for Fedora 43, but on my
macbook I'm running 12.x. There's breaking changes in `nvim-treesitter` between
versions, so it's a pain trying to use a unified config. I *could* build 12.x
from source on Fedora, but I think this is a good reason for me to upgrade to
Fedora 44 (which has the up-to-date 12.x package). I've never done a Fedora
system upgrade before, so that'll be exciting (and a little scary, I'm doing
more and more development on this machine so if I bork it I'll have to scramble
to get it back into working order).

## reading

*I Deliver Parcels in Beijing* was an interesting read, though it kind of
veered away from what I expected. I figured it would be about...delivering
parcels in Beijing. That was only about half of the book, the other half was
about all the other jobs Hu worked. It was fine, but ended up being not what I
expected.

I'm nearly finished with *The Correspondent* by Virginia Evans. This one is
delightful - it's about an old lady who writes letters to everyone and anyone.
The whole story is told through these letters back and forth. Interesting and
engaging, and a pretty quick read to boot. Quite enjoying.

## watching

*Beyond Paradise* has returned and we're working through that as they're
released one episode per week. It's a nice cozy murder mystery, makes me want
to move to Devon.

We started *Patience*, only two episodes in so far. So far it's good, set in
the northern city of York which also looks really beautiful. Man, I'd move to
just about anywhere in the UK.

Speaking of anywhere in the UK, I came across this Youtube channel called
[*Pink Sky Rides*][psr]. Amy lives on the Isle of Skye and rides all over the
island on some neat bikes. It looks really remote and quiet (most of the time)!
Also, on this very remote island off the Scottish Highlands with a few small
towns, there's still a super dope coffee shop where the barista can pull Swan
latte art. Too cool.

## listening

I picked up tickets for a Mastodon show in October, with Deafheaven and Alcest
opening. I could take or leave Mastodon, but seeing Deafheaven and Alcest
together - that's a can't miss opportunity. As a result, I've been listening to
a lot of Deafheaven (*Roads to Judah* in particular) and Alcest (*Kodama*) this
month. Blackened shoegaze is so good.

[arne]: https://arne.me/weekly
[macwright]: https://macwright.com/2025/12/01/recently
[duarte]: https://duarteocarmo.com/blog/retrospectiva-1

[preamble]: https://surlybikes.com/products/preamble-flat-bar-hi-viz-black
[comrade]: https://comradecycles.com/
[kakoune]: https://kakoune.org/
[rcntly05]: /2026/rcntly-05
[psr]: https://www.youtube.com/@PinkSkyRides
