---
layout: post
title: field notes of 2025
date: '2026-01-02'
---
Let's keep this tradition going. Another year around the sun, another batch of
notebooks noted in. I really enjoy looking back at all the field notes I've
used over the past year, so let's get stuck in.

This was a heavier year in acquisitions. I picked up 3 of the 4 quarterly
editions ([The Chicago Look][tcl], [Is a River Alive?][iara], [Fall
Flowers][ff]), plus the [Bon Iver collab][bo] over the summer, the [Busy Beaver
Buttons collab][bb], and a rare [Travelling Salesman][ts] from HQ whilst
attending the Fall Flowers launch party. What can I say? It was a strong year
for Field Notes.

{% include fig.html src="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/the-gang.jpg" %}

Some random stats:
* Total Used: 10
* Favorite of 2024: Vintage is lovely, but I thin Bon Iver edition takes the
prize
* Average time to fill: 35.2 days (faster than last year!)
* Slowest to fill: 41 days (Fall Flowers)
* Fastest to fill: 30 days (EEK - took a bunch of notes at [PG Day 2025][pgday])
* This might be the first time I've finished a whole pack in a year? Granted,
it's Bon Iver which was only a 2 pack, but I think it's still a feat.

This year I also implemented a numbering system and backported to all completed
notebooks. It's pretty simple, it numbers by year to it's easy to sort when I
pull them out and have a little flip through. `FN-YYYY-XX`, where `XX` is the
left-padded 1 indexed number, starting with the first notebook started in the
year, not the current notebook when the clock strikes midnight on December 31.
I place the number in lieu of coordinates in the `Pertinent Coordinates`
section.

{% include fig.html src="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/info-1.jpg" %}

---

You could call this next section of photos self-indulgent, but if I'm going to
over-indulge in anything it's gonna be field notes related. Anyways, here's
some glamour shots, with a surprise guest appearance at the end.

The Bon Ivers[^1] wore in nicely.

{% include double-img.html 
  src1="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/close-up-1.jpg" 
  src2="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/close-up-2.jpg"
%}

And the linen texture on Vintage and EEK really pops with wear. Click on the
photos to zoom in to see the detail!

{% include double-img.html 
  src1="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/close-up-5.jpg" 
  src2="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/close-up-4.jpg"
%}

Some of the pertinent details pages turned out pretty neat too! Plus you can
see I had to do some tape repair on the spine of a Bon Iver.


{% include double-img.html 
  src1="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/info-2.jpg" 
  src2="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/info-3.jpg"
%}

This one deserves the full width - it's chaotic, stickered up, and full of
randomness. Good stuff.

{% include fig.html src="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/info-4.jpg" %}

At this point in the photoshoot, I had a special guest join in the action.

{% include fig.html src="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/pickle-1.jpg" %}

{% include fig.html src="/assets/images/field-notes-of-2025/pickle-2.jpg" %}

[^1]: or is it Bons Iver??

[tcl]: https://fieldnotesbrand.com/products/the-chicago-look
[iara]: https://fieldnotesbrand.com/products/is-a-river-alive
[ff]: https://fieldnotesbrand.com/products/fall-flowers
[ts]: https://fieldnotesbrand.com/products/traveling-salesman
[bo]: https://fieldnotesbrand.com/products/bon-iver
[bb]: https://fieldnotesbrand.com/products/busy-beaver
[pgday]: https://2025.pgdaychicago.org/
