---
layout: post
title: ldn 2026 trip part 2
categories: london travel
date: 2026-03-06
---
This February, Kat and I spent another week on holiday in London. We loved our
[last][trip_1] [trip][trip_2] there so much we'd been plotting reasons to
return. Luckily, a stage version of *The Killings at Badger's Drift*
announcement gave us reason to return. Once again, I want to log the trip here
so we can relive the trip in digital form.

Be sure to check out [part 1][p1] if you haven't already.

## Tuesday

Tuesday was another big day, and followed the same general format as Monday -
breakfast, museum, shops. 

Tuesday's breakfast was at The Breakfast Club in Seven Dials (South Kensington
{% include tube.html line="Piccadilly" %} Covent Garden). We sat at the
counter, and I enjoyed a flat white and the Veggie Spoon (vegetarian greasy
spoon). Very tasty, and very fun sitting at the counter on a gloomy London
morning. 

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0355.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0356.jpg"
  caption="Our view at The Breakfast Club"
%}

Then it was off the to the British Museum. We didn't get advance tickets, but
we arrived right around opening so we didn't have to queue.

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0358.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0360.jpg"
%}

The museum was gigantic, and like the Louvre there's simply no way to get
through it all in one go. But we made a good effort and hit a lot of the
highlights. We saw *the* Rosetta Stone, all sorts of ancient artifacts from
Egypt and Greece (including bits of the Parthenon), the findings from Sutton
Hoo, and the famous Reading Room. 

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0361.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0363.jpg"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0365.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0366.jpg"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0368.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0369.jpg"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0371.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0375.jpg"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0377.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0378.jpg"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0385.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0387.jpg"
  caption="❤️"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0391.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0393.jpg"
%}

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_0395.jpg"
  caption="The Reading Room"
%}

Seeing all this stuff from all over the world in one place is amazing. But it
also brings to mind the fact that the Empire stole a **lot** of this stuff. It
does make you think, and I think it's worth thinking about and feeling a bit of
guilt/discomfort while viewing. Did I appreciate seeing all this stuff? Yes. Do
I think this stuff should be returned to the people it was taken from? Also
yes. Complicated things to think about for sure.

Then it was off to do some shopping. We made a return visit to [Present &
Correct][p&c] - got some stickers, paperclips and a stamp - and the store is so
curated and amazing. We popped in to Kiltane where Kat and I both picked up
some Scottish scarves, and they were well utilized for the remainder of the
trip on damp, cold days in London.

We stopped in to the Barn's new (and first) London [Cafe][barn] in Fitzrovia,
where I got another Flat White and a bag of beans to take home (the first of
the trip). I've followed The Barn for years on social media and have always
wanted to visit a cafe since they're so highly rated. But it was never an
option because all their cafes were in Berlin. Until now. It was really cool to
visit a cafe and try their coffee and beans.

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/tues_4199.jpg"
%}

After the break it was time to make our way over to Selfridges. We decided to
walk, though in hindsight a bus might have been a better idea - it was a long
trek in misty, damp conditions. We checked out the food hall at
Selfridges...which was less a bunch of places you could get food and sit and
eat (like at a mall), than a place to buy food and eat...somewhere else. There
were like 10 seats to sit at, and all were occupied. Slightly disappointed, we
ate our sandos outside under an awning, and weren't the only people doing so. 

Across the street was an M&S Food, where we were able to find Colin the
Caterpillar - we got some Valentine's themed minis with Connie the Caterpillar
included. Sadly, still no Pip & Nut was found. 

We took the bus back to the hotel, going around Hyde Park and had a bit of a
rest before heading out for dinner.

Dinner was at [The Tamil Crown][tamil] - we couldn't resist returning as it was
our best meal last time we were in London. South Kensington {% include
tube.html line="Piccadilly" %} Kings Cross {% include tube.html line="Northern"
%} Angel, and then a short walk to the Crown. We had a table in the bar area
this time, and it was incredibly cosy. Kat and I sat next to each other looking
out into the room, and got to watch *all* the guests arrive for the private
party upstairs trickle in - it must have been like 30+ people, steadily
arriving throughout our time there. The food was excellent, as expected. I
think we got the same food as before: samosas and bel puri as starters, and the
aubergine curry with roti to split as a main. As incredible as we remembered.
The bel puri was super light and had lovely pops of brightness from the
pomegranate seeds. The aubergine curry was so smoky and smooth and went
amazingly with the roti. Their gin highball was a lovely cocktail, sweet (but
not too sweet), with a nice lime flavor. Went perfectly with the strong spices
in the food. I was unsure at first going for a cocktail vs a beer, but I
definitely made the right choice.

To round out the evening we returned to King's Cross/St. Pancras (Angel {%
include tube.html line="Northern" %} King's Cross) to do some shopping and
desert. We got some goodies at the Fortnum & Mason outpost, and had Merveilleux
at *Aux Merveilleux du Fred*. Lovely way to end the night.

King's Cross {% include tube.html line="Piccadilly" %} South Kensington, then
back to the hotel with a stop at the Little Waitrose along the way to stock up
on some Weetabix. Still no Pip & Nut.

## Wednesday

Wednesday was our big trip to Brighton by the sea! Luckily the rain decided to
let up for a day and we make it through the trip without getting wet.

We started the morning with breakfast at the hotel. I don't know why it
surprised me, but the buffet had all the ingredients for a full English
breakfast - eggs, hash browns, streaky bacon, even baked beans!

We took the Gatwick Express to Brighton[^gatwick], which departed from Victoria
Station. A quick District line jaunt (South Kensington {% include tube.html
line="District" %} Victoria) got us there. Train stations in Europe are a bit
different compared to the US, where there's a common area with food and shops
and whatnot, but you can't get to the tracks and trains until like 10 minutes
before departure. And it's so high frequency, your train arrives, passengers
disembark and then almost immediately is ready to reload fresh passengers and
head back out. Once the train is ready, you have to scan your ticket and hustle
to find a seat. It just seems to add some additional urgency, which I actually
feel as an outsider. There was nothing to worry about though, the train was
mostly empty and therefore had no issues finding seats.

It was about an hour long trip down to the South Coast. A slow beginning
winding through South London (I put on some [Dry Cleaning][dry_cleaning], it
felt appropriate), then we picked up some speed after Gatwick when we hit the
countryside. Apparently there was a train derailment that morning and they
apologized profusely for the delay, though we only arrived ~5 minutes after our
scheduled time of arrival.

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_4204.jpg"
  caption="English countryside"
%}

Brighton was more hilly than we expected. Not as hilly as San Francisco, but
the streets did undulate. This was probably our first run in with proper hills
in England. 

From the train station, we made our way into town in search of coffee. We
stopped in at [Loam], a lovely little cafe on Gloucester Rd. We got a table near
the back; I had a flat white and Kat had a matcha. It was a nice hang out, and
Kat overheard some interesting dental conversation.

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_4206.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0399.jpg"
  caption="Drinks @ Loam"
%}

Afterwards, went for a mooch around the shops - Rural Simplicity, Pen to Paper,
Bert's Homestore, and an antique shop. I was very tempted to pop into one of
the many tattoo shops, but our time was better spent exploring. Lunch was a
Kokoro - they had Japanese style curry bowls - Kat had the crispy tofu and I
the chicken. They were really good, and it was a *ton* of food.

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_4208.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0415.jpg"
%}

Afterwards, we made our way down to the seaside! Just a short walk down
(downhill, actually). We got down by the water, watched the waves roll onto the
pebble-y beach. Saw the famous pier, but we didn't feel the need to walk out
onto it. It was very neat/bizarre to be on the coast after only an hour's train
ride from London. Plus with clear skies, sun and 50+ degree weather - a big
difference from the gloomy capital. 

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_4210.jpg"
%}

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_4215.jpg"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0405.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0406.jpg"
%}

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0412.jpg"
%}

We headed back into town, and has a bit more of a mooch. Found a neat homeware
store called [&Halt], but as much as we liked the wares didn't want to have to
schlep it back home. We split a slice of carrot cake at Flint Owl Bakery. Good
cake, but the espresso was a bit tart. It was a nice cosy space, and a nice
place to chill for a bit.

Then it was play time! We made our way to the Theatre Royal Brighton for [*The
Killings at Badger's Drift*][bd]. There was a massive queue to get in, and we
realized we were the youngest people there by like 30 years. But I guess that's
what you get with an in demand play on a midweek matinee. Pensioners galore.
And it was a sellout crowd, too.

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0418.jpg"
%}

The play was fantastic, and was true to the original. It was so great to see
the original Sgt. Troy all grown up now playing DCI Barnaby, it really came
full circle. My hope is that this is a testing of the waters for a change in
the TV show where Daniel Casey would return as DCI Troy to replace the new
Barnaby. Wouldn't that be great? 

The sun had set by the end of the play, and we had a few hours before our train
back to London, but Brighton was still well lively at night. We first popped
into the Tesco's, then trekked west to hit up the big Waitrose in search of Pip
& Nut - finally, a success! We're saving it till we get home, but we're very
excited to finally try it. We stopped in the Churchill Square mall...it was a
mall. It had an IKEA though!

We dined at [The Pond][pond] pub. We had walked past it in the morning and
thought it looked good. Our instincts were right - it turned out to be our
favorite meal of the trip! They specialize in bao buns (not something you'd
expect in an old english pub, est. 1908) and they were fantastic! I had a pork
belly and braised mushroom, and Kat had a cauliflower and prawn buns. We split
some fried oyster mushroom. They had some delicious local brews, with a really
good NA option on tap! We sat by the window, cosy and warm inside watching life
go by on the street and the pub gradually fill up with locals.

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0420.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0422.jpg"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0421.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0423.jpg"
%}

After that, it was time to head back to the train station and make our way back
to London. Brighton <span class="gatwick-express">&#8594;Gatwick Express
&#8594;</span> Victoria {% include tube.html line="District" %} South
Kensington, hotel. 

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/weds_0425.jpg"
  caption="Back in London"
%}

Full day, lovely day.

---

[^gatwick]: The Gatwick Express, does not, in fact, terminate at Gatwick 
    Airport. Gatwick is it's first call, just outside of London and then the 
    real journey begins, with the line terminating at Brighton, our destination

[trip_1]: /2024/london-trip-part-1
[trip_2]: /2026/london-trip-part-2
[p1]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-1
[p&c]: https://www.presentandcorrect.com/
[barn]: https://europeancoffeetrip.com/cafe/thebarn-london/
[tamil]: https://www.thetamilcrown.com/
[dry_cleaning]: https://drycleaning.bandcamp.com/
[loam]: https://www.instagram.com/loam.brighton/
[&halt]: https://www.andhalt.com/
[bd]: https://midsomeronstage.com/
[pond]: https://www.thepondbrighton.com/
