---
layout: post
title: ldn 2026 trip part 1
categories: london travel
date: 2026-03-02
---
This February, Kat and I spent another week on holiday in London. We loved our
[last][last_trip_1] [trip][last_trip_2] there so much we'd been plotting
reasons to return. Luckily, a stage version of *The Killings at Badger's Drift*
announcement gave us reason to return. Once again, I want to log the trip here
so we can relive the trip in digital form.

Be sure to check out [part 2][p2], [part 3][p3] and [part 4][p4].

## Sunday

We flew in on a Sunday again, but landed a bit later to stave off the jet lag a
bit [^1].

We took the Tube in from Heathrow this time (LHR {% include tube.html
line="Piccadilly" %} Gloucester Road). It was super convenient, less than an
hour on the Piccadilly line and ~10 minutes walk to our hotel from Gloucester
Road station. Only bummer was it was drizzling when we got off the Tube and
picked up strength along the way to the hotel. My brolly was buried deep in my
backpack & I didn’t want to stop to get it out so I got a bit soaked. Luckily
we were able to check in right away and dry off.

With the rain still coming down, we grabbed a much needed coffee from Blank St
@ the South Kensington Arcade and headed to the [V&A][vna] (our first of many
trips here). The V&A was incredible! There were so many statues and busts and
the Cast Court literally took our breaths away when we stumbled upon them. They
were **so** massive! It's really mind boggling the amount of art that's jammed
into the museum - and to know that there's so much more not even on display
too.

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_0304.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_4170.jpg"
%}

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_4172.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_4173.jpg"
  caption="The Cast Courts"
%}

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_4174.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_0315.jpg"
  caption="David is huge...interpret that how you will"
%}

{%
  include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_4176.jpg"
  caption="More tomb toppers"
%}

After our museum explore, we were hungry, so we grabbed Pret (Posh Cheese &
Pickle!) on the Brompton Road. It was as delicious as I remembered, if not
more.

{%
  include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_0317.jpg"
  caption="Outside the V&A after our explore"
%}

From there, we were off to do some wandering and shopping. We checked out the
Anya Hindmarsh x Boots collab pop-up in Belgravia; Papersmiths, and Chelsea
General Store on Pavilion Road, then into Chelsea proper for a Waterstones
visit. A nice meandering walk took us back to our hotel.

Dinner was at the nearby [Zetland Arms][zetland]. Very crowded on a Sunday
evening, but we had a nice table near the bar. Good beers (Zetland Pale Ale),
good food (Sunday Roast for me, vegan burger for Kat), good pudding (sticky
toffee). A fantastic dinner to start the trip.

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_4180.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_4182.jpg"
%}

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_4181.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sun_0319.jpg"
  caption="Sunday Roast & Sticky Toffee Pud"
%}

## Monday

Our first full day in LDN, and we made sure to fill it full. The jet lag
wasn’t so bad this time around and we were able to get off to a good start.

We had breakfast at the new, big Gail's on the Cromwell Road. I got their bacon
butty, and Kat had their almond chocolate croissant. Good flat whites with nice
latte art.

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0320a.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0320.jpg"
  caption="Gail's Breakfast"
%}

We returned to the V&A for a longer explore - checked out the Raphael
Cartoons, and some more European art.

{%
  include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0322.jpg"
  caption="Tippoo's Tiger. There was a music box on the inside that you could
crank and it would make noises that imitated European victim's dying wails of
agony. Cool."
%}

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0323.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0324.jpg"
%}

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0325.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0325a.jpg"
  caption="I like skulls"
%}

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0329.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0331.jpg"
%}

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0327.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0332.jpg"
%}

{%
  include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0334.jpg"
  caption="The Cast Courts from a different angle"
%}

{%
  include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0340.jpg"
  caption="❤️"
%}

After the V&A, we made our way into Central. South Kensington {% include
tube.html line="Piccadilly" %} Piccadilly Circus and off to Carnaby Street for
Muji (all the stationery!), Izipizi (sunglasses for Kat), and a Liberty mooch.
We made our way down to SoHo to the Nothing store where I got a new pair of
earphones. Along the way we saw Rob Beckett trudging his way up the street.

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0343.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0345.jpg"
%}

We grabbed lunch at Honest Burger (their fritter sando was really good) and a
coffee @ WatchHouse in Seven Dials. They poured a very solid flat white (notice
a theme here?).

We hit up our second Muji of the day in Covent Garden and searched for a glass
chopstick holder -  no joy. Then backtracked to Choosing Keeping (it was just
around the corner from WatchHouse 😅) for more stationary goods. We also
stumbled across [Barnaby Bars][barnaby] where they make all their chocolate
bars by hand, and they were delicious. Then we headed back to the hotel for a
quick rest (Leicester Square {% include tube.html line="Piccadilly" %} South
Kensington).

We headed back into Leicester Square later for the evening. Grabbed a quick but
tasty dinner at SushiNoya on Charing Cross. They had matcha soft serve for a
sweet treat!

Then we headed to St. Martin’s Theatre to see *The Mousetrap*, an Agatha
Christie play that’s been playing at the same theater for 75 years in a row (we
saw performance number 30,441). It’s the only place in the world to see it
(they can't make it into a movie until it stops showing at the theater. And
that doesn't look to be stopping anytime soon). Thankfully, despite its *long*
run, there are few spoilers out there (I wasn't really looking for any, but
didn't accidentally come across any). They intentionally keep it secretive,
which is really cool. I feel part of some elite group having seen it, though
probably half of England has seen it by now. Needless to say, we really enjoyed
it! I guessed the murderer correctly, but Kat guessed the final Red Herring, so
I think we did pretty good on our detecting.

{%
  include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0350.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/mon_0351.jpg"
  caption="The outside looks cooler at night"
%}


Leicester Square {% include tube.html line="Piccadilly" %} South Kensington,
hotel, sleep.

---

[^1]: it worked! Sunday was still rough, but we got onto UTC/GMT much faster
    and were in pretty good shape on Monday

[last_trip_1]: /2024/london-trip-part-1
[last_trip_2]: /2026/london-trip-part-2

[p1]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-1
[p2]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-2
[p3]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-3
[p4]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-4

[vna]: https://www.vam.ac.uk/south-kensington
[zetland]: https://www.greeneking.co.uk/pubs/greater-london/zetland-arms
[barnaby]: https://barnabybars.com/
