---
layout: post
title: rcntly 03
categories: rcntly
date: 2026-03-27
---
I enjoy reading monthly updates from [people][arne] [I][macwright]
[follow][duarte] (via RSS), they're always so interesting. So I figured I'd try
writing my own. It'll be good to 1) get me into a regular writing cadence (I
want to write more, here and elsewhere, this year), and 2) maybe someone will
find mine interesting (jk I don't think people read this blog). Anyways, let's
give this a try!

## general

It's been a wild month. Lots of unplanned things going on. I was able to finish
my London write in a much more timely manner for this trip, weighing in at a
total of 4 posts! Check out [part 1 here][ldn_p1] to start the journey.

I also published a [blog post][post] on the Hashrocket blog about a testing
helper I was particularly proud of. Trying to turn it into a talk for ChiRuby
as well 😬.

Went to the Field Notes launch party for their [Lucky][] edition and had a
really great time. In about an hour, talked with a number of people about
vintage typewriters, LLMs, beer, Field Notes (obv), and the complications of
shipping pennies in the US mail. Wonderful time, really. 

## using

We've finally had a few nice days, and I was able to get my commuter bike back
up in running form. Riding my own bike feels like a dream after using Divvy
bikes during the cold, snowy months. There's really nothing like riding fixed
gear - it's so responsive, so much fun.

## reading

I read *Brave New World* by Aldous Huxley this month. I really enjoyed it - it
read surprisingly quickly for a (nearly) 100 year old novel, and it was a great
way to look at utopias and their downsides. It's got me wanting to read *1984*
soon, as I think they kind of tackle similar subjects from different angles.

We read *Rebecca* by Daphne du Maurier for book club. Also written in the
1930's, also an easy read, also ahead of it's time. "Hauntingly beautiful" is
how I've heard it described, and I would def agree with that.

## watching

*Father Brown* episodes are slowly trickling in, I really miss having access to
the iPlayer when we were in London. We started *The Puzzle Lady*, also
releasing an episdoe per week. It's not earth-shattering, but a nice cosy
watch. Nor'n Ireland looks nice. We've got the Taskmaster Series 10 grand final
tonight.

## listening

Bit of a throwback (is it? 2019 was only...7 years ago?!), been listening to
*Better Oblivion Community Center* a bit. I'm not a huge Conor Oberst or Phoebe
Bridgers fan on their own, but together I am a fan.

---

And with that we've made it through a quarter of the year writing **rcntly**.
I'm glad I've been able to keep this up, and I think it's something I can keep
going for the rest of the year as well. Hopefully you reading it enjoy it too.

Till next time!

[arne]: https://arne.me/weekly
[macwright]: https://macwright.com/2025/12/01/recently
[duarte]: https://duarteocarmo.com/blog/retrospectiva-1
[ldn_p1]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-1
[post]: https://hashrocket.com/blog/posts/testing-readonly-models
[lucky]: https://fieldnotesbrand.com/products/lucky
