---
layout: post
title: rcntly 04
categories: rcntly
date: 2026-04-30
---
I enjoy reading monthly updates from [people][arne] [I][macwright]
[follow][duarte] (via RSS), they're always so interesting. So I figured I'd try
writing my own. It'll be good to 1) get me into a regular writing cadence (I
want to write more, here and elsewhere, this year), and 2) maybe someone will
find mine interesting (jk I don't think people read this blog). Anyways, let's
give this a try!

## general

Fuck, April just kind of disappeared. I don't even really know what happened,
but here we are at the end of the month. Work's been a bear, work adjacent
things have been chewing up a lot of available free time too. Hoping May will
be less intense.

I'm looking forward to some warmer weather. We've gotten bits of it, which has
been nice for commute biking and running outside. Hoping to some good runs and
rides in soon.

## using

I'm on a **big** stationery kick of late. Fountain pens are a focus, but in
general cursive writing has got my focus. So lots of journaling and just wanna
fill up every notebook I own. A good problem to have, I think, just gotta find
the time for it. 

I've nearly finished one of my Zebra Sarasa gel pens (in blue-black, 0.7),
which I am quite excited about. I really want to whittle down my stash, but
this has been one of my favorite gel pens so it will be hard not to pick up a
refill and keep it going.

I have been *experimenting* with coding agents again. I still do not like them
\- I think they are unethical, a way for <5 companies to control programming
ability, putting chip manufacturing under significant strain such that normies
can't purchase computing equipment at a reasonable price, are ripe for a price
increase such that their current use will be unreasonable, are causing brain
drain and further distancing each other from real human interactions, and
generally not that great - but I still think I need to be at least
knowledgeable of their capabilities. They do ok at small, focused tasks. Or as
a super-powered search engine. Or throwing a bunch of server logs at it and
unraveling what's going on. I think my next move is to try out `pi`, as that's
maybe more aligned with how I work - a bit more minimal, so it will rely on me
to build out a bit more tooling but I think that's better than Claude Code at
this point. But I still *very much* do not want to become reliant on these
things, because I have a feeling prices will hike very soon and they won't be
economically viable for many any more - see the Claude Code price hike go/no-go
fiasco (I can sort of stomach $20/month for my usage, but I absolutely do not
get $100/month value out of it).

## reading

Book book reading has been down this month (see above). I started *This is How
You Lose the Time War*, and despite it's length I'm still less than halfway
through it. I'm enjoying it...just haven't the time.

[Humanities in the Machine][humanities]: makes me wish I had taken more
humanities courses in college. Also makes me want to read more philosophy and
lit books now.

[Why I don't destroy snowmen][snowmen]: I really like this outlook. It's
something I've heard hinted at in other places as well. But I think it's super
important - let's not let these things take even more humanity from us.

## watching

We finished *Father Brown* - it was a nice series and I'm glad it's still
running. Series 14 has been confirmed so we'll have that to look forward to
next year.

*Brokenwood Mysteries* has returned for a new season, and it's a delight as
always. I'd put this one in our top 5, it's just consistently good year over
year, and has many years of proof.

## listening

It's been about a year since I saw Alcest live, and on a whim I put an album on
at the gym. That spiraled into listening to them pretty much exclusively for
the past 2 weeks. It's a chiller blackened shoegaze to Deafheaven, and I guess
that's what I'm looking for right now. Especially loving *Spiritual Instinct*
and *Écailles de lune* (some of the guitar work in *Écailles de lune – Part 1*
is just sublime). 

[arne]: https://arne.me/weekly
[macwright]: https://macwright.com/2025/12/01/recently
[duarte]: https://duarteocarmo.com/blog/retrospectiva-1
[humanities]: https://blainsmith.com/essays/humanities-in-the-machine/
[snowmen]: https://writings.hongminhee.org/2026/01/ethics-of-small-actions/
