---
layout: post
title: ldn 2026 trip part 4
categories: london travel
date: '2026-03-21'
---
This February, Kat and I spent another week on holiday in London. We loved our
[last][last_trip_1] [trip][last_trip_2] there so much we'd been plotting
reasons to return. Luckily, a stage version of *The Killings at Badger's Drift*
announcement gave us reason to return. Once again, I want to log the trip here
so we can relive the trip in digital form.

Be sure to check out [part 1][p1], [part 2][p2] and [part 3][p3] if you haven't
already.

## Saturday

My final full day in London. We went to Gail's again for breakfast to try their
porridge. Mine came with blueberries, nuts and maple syrup and was pretty good.
Washed down with a flat white.

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0507.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0509.jpg"
  caption="Rows of bread, rows of ceramics"
%}

Then off to check out Notting Hill (South Kensington {% include tube.html 
line="District" %} Notting Hill Gate). It was a big day for [Portobello Rd.
Market][pbm], and *very* busy. We walked along the market and took a look at
some of the wares, but nothing really caught our eye. We stopped in to the
Daunt Books branch, but it was much smaller than the one in Marylebone. We
tried to go into Notting Hill Bookstore, but it was *super* busy. I guess it
was in the [movie][] so it was super popular ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯ .

We made our way from the insanity of Portobello Rd to the high street. We found
a [Daylesford][] and had a lovely mooch about. It was *really* nice. Also
popped in to another Toast, Space NK, and Oseyo. Then back to South Kensington
(Notting Hill Gate {% include tube.html line="District" %} South Kensington). 

{% include image.html 
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_4248.jpg"
  caption="Puzzle at Daylesford asking the important questions"
%}

We stopped by Honest Burger for lunch, right at opening. Same order as before,
fritter and vegan burger. They had some sort of issue and it took a while for
our food to come out. Didn't really bother us but they gave us some free onion
rings and fried halloumi. It was a nice gesture and that halloumi was
outstanding.

We popped in to the V&A one last time to see the ceramics. Holy cow they have a
lot of ceramics, dating from BC up to modern day. Definitely worth checking
out.

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_4254.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_4249.jpg"
%}

{% include fig.html 
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_4250.jpg"
%}

Afterwards we decided to head to [Battersea Power Station][bps]. South
Kensington Station {% include bus.html line="360 Bus (on diversion!)" %} Lister
Hospital (just north of the Chelsea Bridge). We crossed the bridge and it
marked our first time setting foot south of the Thames! We walked over to
Battersea Power Station, a very cool conversion of an old coal power station
into a mall and community space.

They had a nice outdoor area along the Thames, and inside was modern and 2-ish
floors of stores, restaurants and coffee shops. I think there were offices or
residences on the upper floors. Out the South Entrance was an outdoor area with
shops and nice high rise apartments above. Very nicely done. We got coffee @
Blank St. mooched into Salomon, Space NK, Waterstones, UNIQLO, Boots. We
oogled some Tudor and Cartier watches through the windows.

Then it was back to the hotel for a break. Battersea Power Station {% include
tube.html line="Northern" %} Embankment {% include tube.html line="District" %} South
Kensington. The rugby was on (England v Wales!) and the *Zetland Arms* and
accompanying outside area was **crowded** (there were bobbies trying to keep the
crowd from spilling onto the street). We had a bit of a rest, bit of a pack,
then headed off to [Pizza Pilgrims][pilgrims] for dinner. It was a nice walk
into Chelsea one last time. They had an aubergine pizza that was quite unusual
but very good and probably something you can only get in the UK. 

We decided to be tourists one last time and took the 11 Bus (Markham St {%
include bus.html line="11 Bus" %} Westminster Cathedral) (on diversion!) to Big
Ben. It was very cool to see Big Ben and Westminster Abbey lit up at night.
They were filming a TV show nearby, but we couldn't tell which one. Then it was
a short District Line ride back to the hotel - Westminster {% include tube.html
line="District" %} South Kensington.

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0514.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0515.jpg"
  caption="Westminster Abbey"
%}

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0516.jpg"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0519.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0520.jpg"
  caption="Ben"
%}

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0521.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sat_0525.jpg"
%}

## Sunday

Short day in London for me, long day overall. My flight home was around 2 in
the afternoon, so we only had the morning together. Kat was staying an extra
week for work.

We grabbed breakfast @ Ole & Steen. I wanted to get their sausage roll again.

Then we set off on another walk, again heading out to Earl's Court before
deciding to head up to Hyde Park. We walked around the [Kynance Mews][km] and
narrow streets north before making it up to the park. We stopped by the statue
of Prince Albert, and looked across the road at the Royal Albert Hall. There
were lots of runners about, but it was quiet and peaceful. On our way back to
the hotel we walked through the Reece and Kendrick Mews, and marveled at the
fancy Aston Martins on display.

{% include double-img.html
  src1="/assets/images/ldn2026/sunday_4274.jpg"
  src2="/assets/images/ldn2026/sunday-1.jpg"
  caption="Albert's statue, Albert's Hall"
%}

{% include fig.html
  src="/assets/images/ldn2026/sunday_4276.jpg"
  caption="Man, every time I see this it moves me. To see this absolutely 
  beautiful facade pockmarked from war, it's just really powerful to see in
person."
%}

Then it was time to say goodbye and head home. South Kensington {% include
tube.html line="Piccadilly" %} LHR Terminal 3 &#8594; ORD &#8594; home.

[last_trip_1]: /2024/london-trip-part-1
[last_trip_2]: /2026/london-trip-part-2

[p1]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-1
[p2]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-2
[p3]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-3
[p4]: /2026/ldn-2026-trip-part-4

[pbm]: https://visitportobello.com/
[movie]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Notting_Hill_(film)
[daylesford]: https://www.daylesford.com/
[bps]: https://batterseapowerstation.co.uk/
[pilgrims]: https://www.pizzapilgrims.co.uk/
[km]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kynance_Mews
